We've just learnt that programming is a set of instructions.
And each instruction tells a computer what to do.
And even though each instruction might be tiny, it might just only give a small snippet and tell the computer
what to do.
But the important point that you need to grasp is that each instruction can be very small, but it needs
to be very specific.
And get this, the art of programming is to take a large idea, something big you want to do and break
it into small, tiny steps.
So programming works similar to giving someone directions.
Let me give you an analogy.
Say there's one person in a blue car and another person in a red car, and they're wanting to travel from point
A to point B. You say to the blue car "go up, left and then right" in that order.
But you give the red car the same set of instructions, but just in a different order.
You say "go up, right and then left".
What do you think is going to happen?
Well, you know what's going to happen. The blue car is going to end up on the left and the red car is going
to end up on the right.
So what I'm trying to just get at right with this very simple example is that the sequence of writing your
instructions becomes vitally important.
And if you mix these up, you're going to get a very different result.
And it's the same with programming.
We're giving directions to the computer.
That's it. Instead of giving directions to blue car or red car
we're giving directions to computer, and the order of the instructions,
the order of the commands, is crucial.
Because what the computer does is it processes each instruction line by line in the order that you write
it.